feat: add sticky-session support for KongUpstreamPolicy (#463)
Kong/kubernetes-configuration: CHANGELOG.md

  [#449](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-configuration/pull/449)
  [#452](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-configuration/pull/452)

### Added

> - Added sticky sessions support for `KongUpstreamPolicy`.

Reviewer: I'm confused on the naming of this feature: is this drain support or sticky sessions? I believe we should be consistent on the naming

Reviewer: 👍 

As discussed on sync: let's add a mention how this relates to drain support. These 2 features are unrelated but when both are enabled then behavior changes. Ideally we'd make a note of that here. WDYT?

  [#449](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-configuration/pull/449)
  [#452](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-configuration/pull/452)

### Added

- Added sticky sessions support for `KongUpstreamPolicy`.
  It corresponds to the `sticky session` feature of Kong Gateway.

>   In KIC, we have added a `drain support` feature, and we can combine these two features
>   to meet the specific needs of our customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In KIC, we have added a `drain support` feature.
  When both are enabled, sticky session will continue to be bound to Kong Pod
  when it's marked as terminating.
  When sticky session is enabled but drain support is not, then sticky session
  will stop routing traffic to Kong Pods when they are marked as terminating.
```
